what's going on guys sit on that back
with the final review as far as the
throne the figures that are released
from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and
today we're gonna be taking a look at
the shredder really you know based on
the movie I'm really anxious to see what
this guy is gonna look like you know as
far as like the address Planum is pretty
skinny and small but if you watch him in
the trailer like the little glimpses
they show it looks huge I don't know if
he's gonna take some of the some kind of
a serum to make them stronger or
something but who knows but this is what
it looks like kind of reminds me of
super shredder if you guys have the
original Teenage Grange the turtles
secretly use action figures it's kind of
what it almost kind of looks like
packaging is the same of course no real
difference except for each shredder this
day is made by playmates turn this
around that's a little bio if you guys
want to read that feel free and pause
got the image of the turtles they're all
the other figures you only want to need
left is April O'Neil that's the only one
that's not released yet and then you got
Nickelodeon playmates right there so we
turn this back up you know what I just
noticed
you show a splinter right here with
sighs my Splinter didn't come with any
size huh or that could be April it might
be April you turn this and turn this
around so what we're gonna do now is
take a quick break and we're gonna take
the shredder outside of packaging and
see what this figure looks like stay
tuned alright guys here is the shredder
this is a pretty cool looking figure and
he's gonna fall right over here in a
second there he goes these figures I'm
telling you right now I'm adding in the
Edit this a lot of these figures for me
I'm getting a really big problem
standing a lot of them up but this actor
looks pretty cool he doesn't really come
with any accessories whatsoever the only
thing you really have to like like as
far as assembly required is just a cape
but it looks really really cool so this
is a quick little 360 look and now let's
take a closer detailed look at the
shredder
all right look at this guy he's this
guy's like loaded with just like this
like metal armor you can see here the
Cape does clip off so you can display
and without the Cape if you really
wanted to and you can see you know there
was some detail in the back but it's
just got these like little like peg
things the Cape is a softer material
looks it looks like it might be like
like that what's the word not chain
looking metal ish but it looks like it
might have a little bit of metal to it
cuz if these look like spikes that are
on the sides of it and you just pop pop
the ez right in here I'll see if I can
get it yep so that's how you is that's
pretty much all the assembly that's
required but you can see he's got all
this like metal gear that's just going
out throughout the the whole suit you
see he's got some right here on the
shoulder pads it's got a huge you know
the traditional spikes that he has kind
of like didn't you know the original
teenager you need a triple shredder and
there's a mouthpiece right there the
eyes are just like kind of like sunken
in and they're black there's no like
pupils or anything but the head the
mouthpiece or the head sculpt does look
pretty cool see that right there looks
really really nice very cool
and these just zoom back here so he's
got all this like really cool like metal
gear which is very very nice he's huge
spikes right here at the lower part of
his hand there's like three different
blades just freaking this guy's like
ready to kill somebody it doesn't look
like it pops off maybe it does well it
does come off oh wow so all this comes
off you can see this right here this I
didn't even know this and though this is
cool the shoulders have some
articulation the shoulder pads so it
looks like the shoulder pads come off
but I don't know why you'd want to
display this off but I'm gonna put this
right back on so this this comes off
that's really cool put this right back
in but like I said you know I it comes
on it comes off on both sides but you're
not gonna wanna display shredder like
that you're gonna want him fully geared
up you know and then if you just look I
don't know what all this stuff is
supposed to be but it looks really cool
the outfit itself the front part I mean
look at all this crazy detail even
though even though thighs like the leg
area look at all
it's all this like metal crap going on
which is so cool and then spikes right
there at the lower legs right at the
bottom he's got some peg holes a lot of
cool detail on this guy love the the
torso piece right here it kinda almost
looks like it's like a face
very very cool head sculpts really nice
as well
so I mean I'm really anxious to see what
this guy's gonna bring to the movie you
know because the turtles look just huge
and shredder I don't know baby's gonna
have some superpowers or something as
far as articulation on this guy
the head can rotate it doesn't go up and
down does he have waist articulation yes
he's got waist articulation the legs
they do not go in and out if you move
the joints around you can get them to go
in and out and they go forward and back
he's got to bend at the knee and he's
got foot articulation which allows it to
go up and down which is very cool no
lower leg articulation the arms do go in
and out they go forward and back and
that's pretty much it the wrist can
rotate as well again you can take this
side piece off this armor right there
which is very cool but I really like the
look on this guy let's show you let's
show you a little bit of size
comparisons with him and some of the
other care guys so look at this look at
this size comparison you can see there
he is with the foot soldier splinter and
shredder not shredder to Leo so you
could see he's the towers over them so
I'm anxious to see what these guys are
gonna be like in scale in the movie I
mean the turtle just looks so huge and
the guy who plays shredder is like a
regular looking guy so I don't
understand his soy and how it becomes
thread or something just to see but this
is a little size comparison cause they
grab it this is all of the figures from
the 2014 movie based Ninja Turtles only
one that's missing is April O'Neil so
far I think these are awesome I really
can't wait to see what else what other
figures were gonna get if we're gonna
get like a turtle van I'm pretty sure
they're gonna release some more figures
and I can't wait for the 11-inch figure
guys those are gonna look really cool
let me know what you guys think about
these figures tell me which one you're
really excited to pick up and thanks for
watching guys please rate comment
subscribe and check out me check me out
on Instagram on Facebook guys thanks for
watching all these videos with me I hope
you guys enjoy them and we'll see you
guys later
inside nothing